what is in New York but the very
independent Matty this morning morning
Matt morning bad morning Kate no it's
not a wind-up it really is true I
welcome to Darlington a very beautiful
village here in the heart of Yorkshire
welcome to his bus stop right at the
right in the center of the village and
the reason were at the bus stop
well that's because of this young fella
down here these people are queuing for
the bus and down here if we come down
nice and low here he is it's ratty the
Jack Russell now what he does is really
quite unbelievable he's a he's a dog who
likes to roam clearly but have you ever
met a dog who does it like this one this
little fella travels on public transport
by himself he comes and queues at the
bus stop like this and other ones in the
village as well
he travels about three miles away and
his favorite destination is his local
pub where allegedly he likes to go and
have a pint and if you don't believe me
well you just got to watch this meet
Yorkshire farmer Gary Kay and his
faithful friend ratty now ratty is a
working dog and likes nothing better
than riding around the farm with Gary
and the tractor gratis job as his name
suggests is to catch rats but of late
he's grown rather fond of catching
something else namely the number 10 bus
to York to visit in favorite pub OOP I'm
just upside down as you've seen and he
stands there in the queueing West for
people who actually get on the bus and
they're consequently he gets up and I
think the first stop is near the
blackboard
hard to believe but apparently true and
first York buses are pleased to welcome
the traveling Terrier on board now you
see what Europe
obviously yet we've stopped charging for
doubling these days you can always give
them a rover ticket
for a walk around Duncan to see who's
heard of his exploits
if he doesn't fancy the walk what do you
reckon sir the Jack Russell that takes
himself on Buster's no problem at all as
long as he cares he's on where
apparently it's free oh well there you
go you said it's not free the black ball
after such a long journey
he was pretty thirsty and it's nearer to
his stop for the trip pony
fantastical ratty and his only carry
Kade join us now morning Gary
good morning now then when did you first
discover about rattie's amazing
pilgrimage well I mean really sad about
two years ago I would imagine then I
thought I'd actually stopped doing this
but he's been getting on the bus without
me really know him well used to catch
the bus custom us stuff's just outside
our house and he was to stand there at
rest at playful and then when he used to
when they used to get on it you should
to jump on with him consequently when
the bus pulls up but the first stop is
about 30 yards away from the actual
black ball pub and then he got off and
there it was to pop in there for a drink
oh whatever he did so how'd you take it
into the pub in the past Gary had you
had he been down there no no nobody's
ever telling him nobody's ever tell him
on a bus it likes the driving vehicles
he likes to go on the tractor and it
likes to sit in the pickup but sprout
from him getting on a bus with any of
our family that's never happened so
there wasn't a female Jack Russell at
the pub maybe that he had an interesting
well he is a Doug that's noted to look
around for bitches on eat I don't know
that but Sir I don't believe there was a
Jack Russell bitch at the pub so it was
purely the banana vote I don't know what
he was after really I don't think he's
partial to that much alcohol he's got a
steer so because he's got a lot of work
to do at home so I don't think he was
initially after a lot of drink and and
and I understand that they've recently
that the pub has changed hands and there
was some suggestion that he will be
allowed in
yeah well it's all changin now the
actual black bulls have completely been
revamped and it's a completely different
pub notes or it was and I don't think
dogs are particularly welcome so if he
does go now he's got to step outside for
a parent and that's gonna be his lot
well look it's been lovely to meet the
two of you this morning he's obviously a
very special dog and lots of years have
been phoning in say how gorgeously
yeah of people in Darlington have been
phoning in to say they see Rafi around
all the time and they love watching
getting off the bus good lad thanks very
much Gary lots of other course as well
about your equally clever pets though
this is a from Lauren item vegetal says
she's got a hamster that can surf climb
the stairs and walk on her front paws
did you learn the Hansons
fantastic we've got Stella Towey
in Norfolk their cats Rosie and Tom can
both open the fridge door I've had to
put a child lock on it because they
started dragging their own food out and
Susan McCoy says we have a cocker
spaniel called haggis whoo howls in tune
sounds doubtful sounds doubtful and even
better I like this one here there's this
Marie Stopford from Portsmouth says my
husband saw a pic of a dog's life for a
tea at Jack Russell with a gammy leg
until he started getting on the bus
sounds wrong
the never seems to end
when you adventure let's just around man
you wanna join me
just grab you
maybe to normal
Rati who lives on a farm in Burlington
New York has been using the buses
instead of walking to his favorite
places including the local pub his owner
was amazed to find out just what he'd
been up to his Allison village is Arles
petrale not not village my mother lives
in the middle of the village and he
commutes between this farm and down at
middle of village that's on a regular
versus I don't know where he's been
going I would like to find out if
anybody else has seen him within the
York area getting off a bus please let
me know cuz some days it feels goes
missing and I'm looking for and him way
and just a show what a shrewd customer
rat he is he gets all his journeys free
of charge from May this year we made
dogs free on our services they used to
we usually charge them 20 pence oh we
used to charge the owners 20 pen